Privacy Policy

LAST UPDATED: March 23, 2024

INTERPRETATION AND DEFINITIONS

INTERPRETATION

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

DEFINITIONS

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Common Crawl Foundation, 9663 Santa Monica Boulevard #425, Beverly Hills, CA 90210, Unites States of America.

You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

Country refers to: The United States of America.

Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

Service refers to the Website.

Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

Third-party Social Media Service refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account.

Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

Website refers to web pages or other data accessible from the commoncrawl.org domain, including any subdomains thereof.

PRIVACY

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We collect data to provide and improve the Service.

By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and Our Terms of Use.

TYPES OF DATA COLLECTED

USAGE DATA

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service, and may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of Our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique Device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.

TRANSFER OF DATA

Usage Data is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.

It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that such data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

DISCLOSURE OF DATA

LAW ENFORCEMENT

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Usage Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

OTHER LEGAL REQUIREMENTS

The Company may disclose Usage Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

  - Comply with a legal obligation
  - Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
  - Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
  - Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
  - Protect against legal liability

LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site.

We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We may occasionally update Our Privacy Policy. In such an event we will update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

CONTACT US

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us by email at info@commoncrawl.org or use Our contact form at https://commoncrawl.org/contact-us.
